Okay! So the JSON, that we're looking at
here, that is gonna be used. That
gives us programmatic way to describe
the API, and that this can be consumed by
a number of different clients. But a cool
thing that we can utilize is to take a
look at the Swagger UI. And let's go to
that now. And the URL is gonna be
swagger-ui.html so I'll go over to
that. Now we can see, we have our basic
controllers, and just like before, we can
actually see examples here. So, we can go
in and see that a whole specification on
the API. We can do a Try it out. And
what's kind of cool is that we see some
of the data getting responded to our API
call. We can also bring up Curl. If you're
running on a UNIX system, or a Linux
system, or OS X, which is a variation of
Unix, underneath the covers. You can come
in and run the curl command. Actually, I
think on Windows 10, there are starting
to include some bash support. That rumored to
be in a recent update. So, you can see
that we are getting a response right
away. It runs pretty darn quick on our
local host machine, so we can see that we
are getting back that data so we can
exercise different APIs there. I
couldn't come into the customer-controller.
Let's do a get a customers. You can say
Try it out, and let's come in and see if
we get Michale Weston back. Michael
Weston and Sam Axe.
So, we can see that we are in fact
getting them returned back. Now, one
important thing, if you do not see the UI,
if that is not coming up, what you can do
is I'm gonna put this in and show you
the configuration, so if you're not
running in Spring Boot, so a lot of this
magic is being configured by Spring Boot
for us. And I'll show you the
configuration here. Come back over here
to IntelliJ, and what we need to do is
change this. I'm gonna stop Spring
Boot on doing this.
Now this web configuration support,
what we wanna do is override and addResourceHandlers. I actually have this
copied over, so I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna type out everything here. What
we wanna do is override this and add
in our own resource handlers. And I'm
gonna comment this out for the check in,
but I want you to be aware of this. This is how
you configure the Swagger UI, if you're
not on a Spring Boot project. So, Spring
Boot is gonna automatically detect
these resources and configure this.
It will provide us in this configuration.
But there's two components, that we need
to bring in. One is the swagger-ui.html.
That is in /META-INF/resources/ of one
of the Swagger jars, of Swagger UI jar,
and then also, Swagger UI is gonna bring
bring in some webjars for the styling
and whatnot. So, that's gonna provide
the web resources. So that's, if you're
not running Spring Boot, or if you do not
see the Swagger UI, something's wrong in
your configuration. And if you add this
in, you should be able to get the Swagger
UI to come up and display normally for
you. And again, I am going to comment this
out, right now.
So I'm gonna comment that out. Leave it
like that for you. I'm checking into
GitHub. But you'll have this, in case, you
do need to set up the Swagger UI
resources manually.